lesson3_reflections.txt

The first reflection in lesson3 asks me to comment on when I would want to use a remote
repo rather than keep everything local.

The obvious answer is that putting stuff into a github repo allows others to look at what I've
done, and perhaps contribute in some way.

The second reflection asks me to consider why I would want to always pull
changes from a remote rather than having git automatically stay up to date
with the remote history.

I think the answer here is that there would be times I would want to complete
work locally on a project without having to worry about if someone else
pushed to the github repo. I don't want other changes that other people have
done being automatically pulled in to my local repo. Also, I want to be sure
that I have things working locally the way I want before I decide to share
my updates.

The third reflection asks me to describe the differences between forks,
clones, and branches. A fork is a copy on the github server of another
repo. A clone is a copy from the github server remote onto my local computer,
and a branch is a copy of the local repo that diverges from the master
branch.

The fourth refelction asks me to reflect on the benefits of having a copy
of the last known state of the remote stored locally.

The answer seems pretty clear at this point - having a local copy avoids
the need to internet access to the remote repo. So if I want to do a diff
between my current local copy and the remote copy, I don't have to send
info on the internet to do it, since all the data I would need to do the
diff is stored locally.

The fifth reflection asks me to reflect on collaboration on git and github.
How would I contribute without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

This seems like a tricky thing to answer. Without git or github, I suppose
I would be using some sort of file system like DropBox with others. This
would be really difficult, because if we were all working on the same file in
the same directory, each time we saved the file, everyone's local copy would
immediately change. In fact, I think I have seen messages from DropBox
where there is some sort of conflict. DropBox just creates multiple copies
of the file and names them as conflicting copy.


